Xu Lianlian
I want to pay back
What?
This is the money I earned from working part-time during the summer vacation.
Still a deposit
Not enough.
It's not enough. I already ordered it twice.
If you don't believe me, count it.
Ah yes, and that interest
8 cents a day without borrowing more than 90 articles
Well, let's count it by 100 days
8 yuan for 100 days
Here's 10 bucks.
Don't look for it, hahaha.
Hahaha ok
What are you laughing at?
I'll tell you what 8 points of daily interest is
Just every day it's eight percent, 97 percent is 720 percent.
You owe me 30,000 six grand
Hahaha what is impossible
That's not possible.
It's written on the wind
Hey
You see, this contract is clearly written
The black letter on the paper is because you didn't see it clearly.
Don't blame me
Hahahaha
Didn't tell me the interest rate was so high at all
How to calculate, it should be that the grandson is kind.
This is obviously usury